Week 1
During our lab time, we formed our groups and explored which project we wanted to complete. 
By the end of week 1 we finalised our decision on a recipe reccomendation system and assigned each member a set of user stories to write.

Week 2
During our lab this week, we discussed the user stories we were set to write and started mapping out the flow chart.
By the end of the week, I had finished researching and witing the project background (problem statement + existing solutions).
The team also collaborated and agreed upon a flow chart. From this, we split up which story boards to complete for out lab meeting next week. 

Week 3
During our lab this week, we brainstormed a different novel idea (linking demonstration videos to recipes) and discussed our tech stack.
Throughout the week, we worked on the project proposal. I mainly worked on the background.
We met on Saturday to consolidate our work - we made adjustments to the flow diagram and storyboards.
On Sunday finalisations to the storyboards were complete meaning I could finalise the flow chart and put them into the project proposal.
We submitted the proposal Sunday night!

Week 4
Today during the lab, I started my setup which took longer than expected.
We also discussed the tickets to be included in the first sprint and split up the work.
I wrote the ingredients and categories routes.
I also searched for an existing database of ingredients mapped to categories to use for next week's demo. Luckily, I found a pretty comprehensive one but had to clean to data up a little bit. 

Week 5
The demo went well and we conducted our retro meeting afterwards.
We discussed what functionalities and tickets to include in sprint 2. Angeline later split these up and wrote the HTTP routes.
I decide to wait until a database was decided to write large chunks of code.

Week 6
Luckily Tam said we could use sqlite as our database so I decided to watch a few tutorials and edit sprint one's code.
I then started working on my routes for sprint 2. I started with viewing recipes since it required me to access many tables. I though it was a good introduction to our data system and sqlite.


Week 7
I started writing the saving and rating recipe routes before finally finihsing the recipe update route which was still a bit buggy.
We also had backend specific meetings stream lining the way we access data and discussing how code we write (esp. helper functions) impact each other.
We also started using postman to debug to backend before integrating with the frontend.

Week 8
Unfortunately I had contracted covid and was not able to be physically present for Demo B but I thought it went well! There were a lot of tickets and I'm proud of what the group achieved given the time we had!
We conducted the retro afterwards and discussed things to do for sprint 3.
We comprehensively debugged the backend using postmand and I fixed up the recipe update route.

Week 9
I wrote my routes for sprint 3 which included adding ingredients and the skill video routes. We also deugged these routes using postman.
I started manually entering recipe, ingredient and skill video data to populate out database. 
This was more tedious than I had hoped it would be. Luckily, it didn't take too long.

Week 10
I started writing the project report. Since my part was pretty straight forward, I finsihed early and was able to help everyone else.
The final project demo went well - there were some bugs due to different computers and we ran over time. Still, I thiught it was good.
We fixed some bugs in the website that were apparant in the demo and some that we found along the way.
I also started cleanign my code.


